Dean Kerr is a command line tool that lets you play around with parts of your Laravel up, it's useful
to quickly check out how things work and will be handy to learn how mothers work.
You started indeterminable bank in your project directory by running BHB Artisan Tinker.
Let's see how to create and save a new model in Laravel by creating the new instance of the model,
then feeling its properties, meaning its columns with data and then saving it using the safe method.
So let's assign a new instance of the blog post class to a post variable, normally you'd have to specify
the full class name, but Tinker is smart.
It knows you meant a model from specific namespace, as Tinker is mostly used to try out things with
the database.
Now let's set the model title.
And the model content.
Typing the post variable will print them model properties, which, as you might remember, represent
table columns.
Finally, you can call the save method on the model.
It should return.
True.
If you see any error, check if your database is running first.
Now, you can check right now into database client that this record was actually saved.
In my school workbench, you need to get the least of the tables and press this last button.
And there it is, the.
Interestingly, the idea was automatically assigned, but even more interesting is that the timestamps
were also assigned.
Now, let's wait a couple of seconds and change the title of the post.
You have to call safe, so now we are actually modifying the existing model.
And in the deep client, when you will run this again by pressing this funder, you can see that not
only the title has changed, but also the timestamp updated art is different than created out.
So it is being automatically updated by Laravel.
Whenever you change the model, you can use these two columns to know when and the Laravel model was
created and updated.